getting into a different field is something that I wish I would have known
Maura about before I joined the, uh, field that I went in. I'm
happy with being electrician's, but I did think coming in that you did
have more opportunity to do different things. I thought maybe one
day I could be in Germany doing X and another time being in the bottom
of Africa. Doing why, um, as an electrician's, you know, I thought,
Okay, well, sure, I'll be, um, taking voltage on these pumps. But
I thought it could, You know, every place has electrician's, uh jobs
associated with it, so I thought I could be associated with any of
them. But that's actually not true. Um, for me, we have the submarines
that we could go to and the aircraft carriers that we could go
to, and those are the main places. You have a little bit more freedom
when you're talking about the short commands that you could go to,
um, because we don't just want you always focus on these three ships
all the time, so it's kind of like it's not a vacation, but it's more
like a different work environment. so that we're not, like, so focused
on just electrical things. But those short commands are few and
far between hope for the majority of your work, you're expected to
kind of, like fall within the field. If you're an officer, then you
have a lot more choices. You can do some kind of lateral transfers,
but as far as the enlisted side, you're mainly stuck with the field
that you're, uh, that you've been trained to do. Now. If you wanted
to do something else, you could force yourself into it. So, for instance,
you could go to several schools, Um, a songs. You have your
main career set. You know, I'm electrician's. I did. I went to electrical
schools. I could also learn, Let's say, for instance, I'm, um
I could go to a chemical school where if I learned that that rate and
that school and those those tools, then I can start doing those jobs.
It's not a lot more, but it is something toe. If you're If you don't
wanna keep doing your same job